Fix globals, part 17: `clearTimeout()` & `setTimeout()` (#36062)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/4/index.md

- You can now set an element's SVG properties' values using the same shorthand syntax as with CSS. For example: `element.style.fill = 'lime'`. See {{domxref("element.style")}} for details.
- The document root now has [a `privatebrowsingmode` attribute](/en-US/docs/Supporting_private_browsing_mode#detecting_whether_private_browsing_mode_is_permanent) that describes the state of private browsing mode, including an indication of whether private browsing is temporary or permanent for the session.
- The second parameter of the {{domxref("window.getComputedStyle()")}} method is now optional, as it is in every other major browser.

> - The DOM [`StorageEvent`](/en-US/docs/DOM/event/StorageEvent) object now matches the latest version of the specification.

Author: ```suggestion
- The DOM {{domxref("StorageEvent")}} object now matches the latest version of the specification.
```
